src/app/code/community/Canalweb/AdminTheme                                                app/code/community/Canalweb/AdminTheme                                               
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/layout/local.xml                                        app/design/adminhtml/magento2/layout/local.xml                                       
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/canalweb/admintheme/page/footer.phtml          app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/canalweb/admintheme/page/footer.phtml         
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/dashboard/graph/disabled.phtml                 app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/dashboard/graph/disabled.phtml                
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/dashboard/index.phtml                          app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/dashboard/index.phtml                         
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/forgotpassword.phtml                           app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/forgotpassword.phtml                          
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/login.phtml                                    app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/login.phtml                                   
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/page/header.phtml                              app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/page/header.phtml                             
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/page/menu.phtml                                app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/page/menu.phtml                               
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml                   app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml                  
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/system/autocomplete.phtml                      app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/system/autocomplete.phtml                     
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/system/store/tree.phtml                        app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/system/store/tree.phtml                       
src/app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/widget/grid.phtml                              app/design/adminhtml/magento2/template/widget/grid.phtml                             
src/app/etc/modules/Canalweb_AdminTheme.xml                                               app/etc/modules/Canalweb_AdminTheme.xml                                              
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/form.css                                              skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/form.css                                             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/ajax-loader-tr.gif                             skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/ajax-loader-tr.gif                            
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-error.png                                 skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-error.png                                
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-notice.png                                skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-notice.png                               
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-success.png                               skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-success.png                              
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-warning.png                               skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/icon-warning.png                              
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-cw-small.png                              skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-cw-small.png                             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-cw.png                                    skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-cw.png                                   
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-magento.png                               skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo-magento.png                              
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo.svg                                       skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/images/logo.svg                                      
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento.css              skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento.css             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/btn_bg.gif       skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/btn_bg.gif      
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/content_bg.gif   skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/content_bg.gif  
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/top_bg.gif       skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/top_bg.gif      
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/window_close.png skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/lib/prototype/windows/themes/magento/window_close.png
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/menu.css                                              skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/menu.css                                             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/override.css                                          skin/adminhtml/default/magento2/override.css                                         
